Hello followers viewers have
the next packages from China you are from China
from the site aliexpress here and probably I
I'll take our business here to the category
because here is the parcel reuse
that is, I already ordered such a product
I have a video who has not seen that
here should be
covers for iPhones 5 5 5 5 thousand so I already
I can open this miracle package
the seller in general I really like more
I'm waiting for such because I first ordered
The first time I ordered the cover just flew away
just flew away very much it turned out
in demand here ordered two more
let's see such a box
generally gorgeous sees the first time the same
most came down a box here
not only that the foam is all thick
plus the covers themselves
such a pimply mother and ours and here
such here are two cheholchik and here they are yes
These are the glaziers at all chic then
there is aluminum here is this part of the bid
goes aluminum this case goes
plastic plastic but pretty
not bad here, too, under sweeping done
These rates are also made part of such
apart from aluminum, well, everything is so
neatly made so that
us further here these inscriptions are inscriptions like
see they are a little bit on metal
done as an engraving I don't know like that
same most catch it speaks
acts and she is a little so many
corrugation is like to show you to
was seen
It does not work
fashion so visible you see how with such
stripes are generally gorgeous
Cheholchiki look gorgeous who I saw
I tried on my own at all chic
looks white especially if filled
wear something you can not see that you
There is a case and it feels like it's
just one piece phone sorry to
Sorry after the first video of my people
saw a lot of comments was therefore
About these covers shorter and here I am
yet he managed to buy two 4 still waiting for more
four managed to buy and this position on
on products already missing from this
seller but still I throw off the link under
The video on this seller may be
somewhere to get dirty
start trading them again